Addition of new auth-method fields to consul cli commands section (#2769)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/commands/acl/auth-method/update.mdx

  should produce. This can be either 'local' or 'global'. If empty the value of
  'local' is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `-token-name-format=<string>` - Defines the token name format for the generated

>    tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL ${foo} syntax. 

Reviewer: Add monospace formatting. Also applies to other versions.

```suggestion
- `-token-name-format=<string>` - Defines the token name format for the generated
   tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax. 
```

>    tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-token-name-format=<string>` - Defines the token name format for the
   generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation
   Language.
```

Does this parameter have a default value as well?

Author: No. Not in update cli command.
